Work Diary

Egene Oletu (z5059371)


Week 2:
Formed group. I created the bitbucket project for the team. We chose to base
our project on blockchain and started assigning roles for the proposal and the
project as a whole. I was given the role of scrum master for the project.

Started working on epic for the interface of the project and researching
blockchain and distributed apps.


Week 3:
Completed epics for mobile and desktop interfaces, coverpage and project
scope sections for the project proposal. My section was given to Natesh to
combine with the rest of the document.

Continued researching blockchain and existing projects to get an idea of
how we can implement our app.


Week 4:
During the lab, ideas for the first sprint were discussed. I took on the role
of handling the interface, and for the first sprint, at least a login page is
to be made.

Split up the interface epics I wrote for the proposal into user stories. Made
wireframes for the homepage, login page, and create an acount page. Also ran
the groups first daily stand up via google hangouts.

Week 5:
Setup website using flask. Started working on the login page and wrote a stub
for the index page.

Mid-sem Break:
Added a bit of css to the login page and incorporated the use of flask-login to
handle user sessions on the website.

Week 6:
We had our first demo this week, and we are extrememly behind in terms of
progress. So for the current sprint I have to complete most of the website.
Fixed bugs in the login and create account page. They will be updated later
with the updated database. Started looking at making the individual video 
pages first rather than the index page as it is simpler to implement.

Week 7:
My main focus for this week was to implement a video playback page for the
websites content. I was able to create a page that only served one of the
videos i had stored and did a little styling. As well as this, I worked on
some bugs with the login and sign up pages.

Week 8:
This week I implemented a basic homepage with links to all the videos I
had stored. The links were unstyled. Also created a template for top and
side navigation bars, which were then incorporated into the website. These
elements are styled. Having trouble though adding more menu options to the
side navigation bar when the user is logged in.

Week 9:
This week I started implementing the upload and search pages of the website.
Also fixed the bug that was giving me trouble with the side navigation bar
and implemented the download function for the videos. Cleaned up the code a
bit and updated the code to use the new database library functions implemented
by Casaer.
